---
layout: post
title:  "My First Post"
date:   2020-07-25
categories: stuff
published: true
---

# Hey There! I'm Adam. 
I'm 16 and super fucking gay. This is my blog. It's going to be a steaming heap of shit, I promise. I guess that I should talk about my day then. Well, I woke up pretty early *(for me that is anyway)* at 10am. I got up and had breakfast and grabbed my morning cup of coffee. I wandered upstairs to my PC where I checked Discord and my emails to see if there was anything new and there wasn't. *there never is but I still check.*  Then I stuck on my favourite podcast [Linux Unplugged](https://linuxunplugged.com) and they were talking about Nextcloud and hosting using DigitalOceans' *"Spaces"* and it piqued my curiosity so I said I'd give it a try. I had $35 worth of DigitalOcean credit which is enough for 3<sup>1/2</sup> months of their $5/month droplet with unlimited *Spaces* which is another $5/month. After much work trying to get the *Spaces* storage to work with Docker, I finally got it working and started installing the Nextcloud client for Linux. However as soon as I had it installed I realised that I had more work ahead of me because I was getting `missing library` errors whenever I tried to launch the client. I reinstalled the broken package and immediately after that Visual Studio Code broke because it depended on an older version of the library. I updated VSCode and Chromium broke so I decided to just do a complete package update with `pacman -Syu`. It said that it would take about an hour because of my atrocious internet so I decided to go for a cycle to the village. There was no one around so I just grabbed a Diet Coke *(don't judge)* from the shop and cycled back home. It wasn't done by the time I got back so I had my dinner and by the time I had finished eating the update had completed so I shut down my computer and went back downstairs. At this point I was dying of boredom so I cycled to the village once again and this time I met Liam and Evan up at the pitch so I hung out with them until about 6pm when they got food from the chipper and I didn't have any money so I went home so I'd be able to eat before Mass. I ended up only getting home at around 7 because I got delayed and then I took my time cycling so I didn't get a chance to eat before Mass. We got to Mass early because they only let a certain amount of people in and we wanted to get our usual seat. I couldn't sit still for the entirety of Mass and I think people were looking at me which is fair enough because even when I'm not jumping up and down I do still stick out a lot in a small conservative village. We got home at 8 and I lit the fire whilst my mom put on pizzas for tea. I went upstairs and synced all my GitHub repositories while the pizzas were cooking and that brings us to now when I'm writing my first blog post and listening to Cavetown while texting my friends because I got my phone back ***FINALLY***. 

That's all for today but I might have another extremely boring recap of my day tomorrow.